{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 WELCOME\
\
\
You wake up on a cold stone floor. Moonlight creeping through an iron barred window reveals skeletons chained to the walls. The room is small and round with one arched door. \
\
QUESTION ONE\
\
Do you\
\
Force the door  (a)/ Search the room (b)/ Go back to sleep (c)\
\
(a) You stand up, shaking from the realisation that you have been captured and run at the door. BANG. The door doesn\'92t budge but creates an almighty noise that bounces through the castle. You hear a scream like you have never heard before\'85. What is this monster\'85. [QUESTION ONE+5 Detection] \
.\
OR\
\
(b) You struggle to your feet to search the room.  [QUESTION TWO]\
\
OR\
\
(c) You are tired so you rest your head and fall asleep. [QUESTION ONE +20 Stamina]\
\
QUESTION TWO\
\
Horrified by what you see, you closer inspect the room. The walls are crumbling and you notice a loose brick, as you gain bravery , you approach one of the sketetons shackled to the wall.You pick up the hand shackles from one of the skeleton and the arm breaks clean off. CRACK. This startles you but reveals an iron shackle pin that you could use to pick the lock. \
\
\
Do you\
\
Pull loose stone (1)/ Use pin to pick lock (2)\
\
(1) You pull hard on the stone, your feet scrambling for grip on the hard stone floor, the stone breaks free and sends you tumbling back. The hole reveals you are in a very high turret, towering above the town below from the giant hill it sits on. You see no clear route to escape. [QUESTION TWO + 10 Detection, -20 Stamina, -20 Health]\
\
OR\
\
(2) You struggle with the rusty lock but quickly and silently manage to disengage it.  After picking the lock, you slowly open the door and creep out of the dungeon.\
\
A long and winding staircase takes you to the bottom of the turret to another wooden arched door. [QUESTION THREE]\
\
QUESTION THREE\
\
As you stand at the arched wooden door, you debate what could be on the other side.\
\
Do you\
\
Run and barge the door (1)/Silently open the door and creep in (2)\
\
(1) As you open the door, you see a beautiful woman walking down a corridor to the right [QUESTION FOUR]\
\
(2) You run and barge the door and run straight into another dark stone room. A woman in the distance turns round and as you blink, you hear a scream. You feel warm liquid running down your neck and as you open your eyes, you see a horrible creature as you take you last breath.\
\
QUESTION FOUR\
\
As you watch the woman walk down the corridor, she disappears.\
\
Do you\
\
Sneak after the woman (1)/ Explore the room (2)\
\
(1) You follow the corridor to where the woman disappeared and find two doors. [QUESTION SIX]\
\
(2) The room contains nothing other than a large wooden chest, upon opening the chest you find a shimmering black orb. As you stare into it some text appears \'93Take a chance to get out alive, but you\'92ll have to pay the price!\'94 [QUESTION FIVE] \
\
QUESTION FIVE\
\
Do you want to take the risk? Roll a 6 to teleport home (1) or leave the orb (2)\
\
(1) if dice_roll == 6: YOU WIN, else: Health == 1 QUESTION SIX]\
\
(2) You have paid the price but gained nothing! [Health == 1 QUESTION FOUR]\
\
QUESTION SIX\
\
As you reach the end of the corridor you are faced with two giant doors, one of the doors stained red with blood, the other frozen ice white.\
\
Do you \
\
Choose the Red door (1)/ Choose the White door (2)\
\
(1) You open the door and the monster looks you clear in the eye, no longer in her human form, she flies toward you. Her claws rip into your flesh as the life drains out of you. [Detection + 20]\
\
(2) You open the door and are met by a friendly looking ghost. \'93Would you like me to take you to the exit? Or would you like me to take you to the weapons room to fight your own way out?\'94 [QUESTION SEVEN]\
\
QUESTION SEVEN\
\
Take me to the exit! (1) / Take me to the weapons!! (2)\
\
(1)The mischievous young ghost takes you straight to the feasting room. As soon as the door opens he monster looks you clear in the eye, no longer in her human form, she flies toward you. Her claws rip into your flesh as the life drains out of you. [Detection + 20]\
\
(2)The ghost leads you to the weapons room. The room contains hundreds of bows, arrows, swords, shields and everything you could imagine! You find some discarded rations and quickly eat them for strength, grab a magic shield, sword and broken wooden flag pole.  As the ghost disappears he laughs and says \'93The exit is though the Red door\'94 [QUESTION EIGHT]\
\
QUESTION EIGHT\
\
You make your way back to the Red door and plan your attack\
\
Do you\
\
Sneak into the room (1) / Rush into the room (2)\
\
(1) You creep the door open slowly to reveal the woman crouching over a lifeless body, draining the blood to feed herself. [QUESTION NINE]\
\
(2) You burst through the bloody door at speed and startle the woman from her feed .She rises into the air and reveals her scaly wings. With the blink of an eye she has flown thrown you across the room. You are injured but still alive [QUESTION TEN]\
\
QUESTION NINE\
\
The woman doesn\'92t appear to have noticed you enter\
\
Do you\
\
Sneak to the exit (1)/ Confront the woman (2)\
\
(1) With a deep breath and your back pressed hard against the wall, you slowly make you way to the exit. As you open the door the woman hears you, instantly sprouting wings and screaming a high pitched wail. You quickly close the door behind you and pull across a big steal bolt. You run as fast as you can down the hill away from the castle. [WIN\}\
\
(2) You raise your sword to attack the woman but she hears the movement and notices you. She lets out a high pitched scream as she sprouts wings and flies toward you. [QUESTION TEN]\
\
QUESTION TEN\
\
The creatures flies to the centre of the room and lets out a cry once more\
\
Do you\
\
Attack the creature (1) / Defend the attack (2)\
\
(1) With a mighty swing of the sword you manage to make contact and slash her wing. She lets out a scream more terrifying than before but is grounded and cannot fly [QUESTION ELEVEN]\
\
(2) Screaming wildly, the creature flies at you with incredible speed, you hold up your shield. She hits the shield with incredible force, knocking you to your knees but injuring her greatly. [QUESTION TWELVE]\
\
QUESTION ELEVEN\
\
You run toward the grounded creature but see the exit at the other end of the room\
\
Do you?\
\
Run for exit (1)/ Attack (2)\
\
(1) You run for the exit but the creature disappears from view. As you approach the door you feel cold hands on your face, you feel teeth sinking into your neck. The light fades as you take your last breath. [GAME OVER]\
(2) You run at the beast thrusting your sword wildly but the creature disappears from view. As you stand startled and confused, you feel cold hands entangle you. You feel teeth sinking into your neck. The light fades as you take your last breath. [GAME OVER]\
\
QUESTION TWELVE\
\
As the creature flies around in pain you decide whether to\
\
Run for the exit (1) / Ready yourself for another attack (2)\
\
(1) You run for the exit but the creature disappears from view. As you approach the door you feel cold hands on your face, you feel teeth sinking into your neck. The light fades as you take your last breath. [GAME OVER]\
\
(2) You run to find a defensive position and ready your sword and shield. As she flies toward you, you break cover and drive your sword directly through her chest. The beast screams but is not dead, magic still pumping through her veins. [QUESTION THIRTEEN]\
\
QUESTION THIRTEEN\
\
The creature is clearly injured, writhing around on the floor.\
\
Do you\
\
Run for the exit (1)/ Finish the kill (2)\
\
(1) You run for the exit but the creature disappears from view. As you approach the door you feel cold hands on your face, you feel teeth sinking into your neck. The light fades as you take your last breath. [GAME OVER]\
\
(2) You approach the creature and drive the flag pole directly through the heart. The creature instantly regains form as a beautiful woman and begs for you to spare her life. [QUESTION FOURTEEN)\
\
QUESTION FOURTEEN\
\
Do you\
\
Spare her life (1) / Finish the kill (2)\
\
(1) As you turn for the exit, you hear the paranormal scream once more. The vampire is still alive and takes your life. [GAME OVER]\
\
(2) You remove the stake and drive it once more hard into the chest. The woman let out a human cry. Concerned she may return, you remove the head with one strike of the sword. You rush toward to exit and get out alive!! [WIN]\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}